[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats formed
an alliance with Law
and launched an attack on
Doflamingo in Dressrosa.
In response, Doflamingo trapped
the kingdom inside a barrier
and challenged
all present to a game.
[NARRATOR]
As the Straw Hats do battle with
the fierce fighters of
the Don Quixote Family,
Luffy and Law rush
to the royal palace
to take down Doflamingo himself.
[DELLINGER] "Sense of duty"
is a shackle for the weak.
[IDEO gasps]
The strength of a Fighting Fish
courses through every muscle.
[DELLINGER gasps]
[GLADIUS gasps]
Oh man, that guy's
freaky as hell!
What is up with that face?
[ROBIN]
Why don't you calm down?
You're not going
anywhere on my watch.
That's quite a wicked
look on your face.
Poor Cabbage.
D'you need something?
[LUFFY] "Barrier-Barrier!
Homage Holy Fist Strikes!"
I'm sorry, but I don't
have time to play.
Rebecca needs me.
[BARTOLOMEO]
Whoa! She stopped him!
What a move!
Miss Robin is so cool!
[BARTOLOMEO]
What was I thinking,
saying I would protect you,
when I so clearly pale
before your brilliance?
Seems like you're not
interested in behaving.
[gasps]
Damn it, Hakuba!
[ROBIN gasps]
I didn't give you
permission to do this--
You cannot come out right now!
I didn't mean to do that.
Forgive me for attacking you.
I've heard word of
your deadly alter-ego.
Hakuba, right?
[pants] That was him.
He's quite the monster.
He goes after anyone he sees.
[snores]
First, I'll take
your arms and legs!
Then, I'll chop your whole body
into tiny pieces, Nico Robin!
[ROBIN gasps]
No one can escape my blade!
[groaning]
Would you go away?
Now is not the time!
Shut up! Why don't you
go back to sleep?
You don't understand
the importance of this fight!
I have a personal debt to repay!
I'll turn this place
into a sea of blood!
This battle is
my responsibility!
[HAKUBA] I don't care!
I'll rip this woman to shreds!
[CAVENDISH] See! You're not even
attacking the right people!
[BARTOLOMEO] He must have
a split personality.
Unless this is just how
he makes decisions.
My body!
Let me fight!
No, me!
Me, me, me, me, me, me!
No, no, no, no, no, no!
--[HAKUBA] Yes!
--[CAVENDISH] No!
[HAKUBA]
Yes!
[CAVENDISH]
Hakuba!
[HAKUBA, CAVENDISH]
This fight is mine!
Now he's half Cabbage
and half psycho!
[groans] I have had enough!
This body belongs to me!
[BARTOLOMEO] You was
half-and-half just a second ago!
[panting]
[BARTOLOMEO]
Hey! Come on!
I didn't just
imagine that, did I?
All right, I think
he's gone now.
Please, Robin, could you
release me from your grip?
Let go you?
After what I just saw?
[gasps]
[CAVENDISH gasps]
[GLADIUS]
You're fine right where you are.
[BOTH gasp]
[GLADIUS] I'll take my revenge
on both of you at once!
Even if you try to fly away,
you can't escape the blast
radius of the entire wall!
Cut that out!
There's no way we'll
survive up here.
You need to abandon
the plan for now.
Let's get down!
I can't!
In the time that takes,
Rebecca could be badly hurt.
[BARTOLOMEO]
Don't worry, I got this!
You keep your damn explosions
away from Miss Robin!
[GLADIUS] That's a surprisingly
sound judgement.
If you defeat me, it will
indeed cancel the rupture.
[yells]
[GLADIUS]
Pop Hair!
Like that'll stop me!
I'm all numb! What'd you do?
[GLADIUS]
Those hairs are poison needles.
--[BARTOLOMEO] What?
--Hey, are you all right?
Rooster, oh no!
He got me! That was tricky!
[GLADIUS] This is the power
of the Pop-Pop Fruit.
[GLADIUS] From head to toe,
I am a Rupture Man.
[gasps]
[GLADIUS] If you do harm to me,
my whole body will burst.
And thousands of those
poison needles that handily
thwarted you will pierce
your two friends, up above.
[GLADIUS] Of course,
if you don't harm me,
the wall will explode.
So? Which shall it be?
Keep in mind that
the explosion of my body
will kill you as well.
[BARTOLOMEO]
That's a crap deal!
I'm not worried about
me getting wrecked,
but it seems like Miss Robin
gets hurt either way.
[GLADIUS] Well, look at you!
Such a fast learner!
[BARTOLOMEO] C'mon, don't let
him get under your skin.
Keep your eyes on
the prize, Barto.
What's your priority right now?
[BARTOLOMEO] That's obvious.
I gotta protect Miss Robin!
I can't let her
fall that height,
and I sure can't
let her get blown up.
If wanna stop the explosion,
I gotta bust up this
fatass hedgehog dude.
But then there's
the poison needle thing,
which'll hurt Robin, as well.
[BARTOLOMEO] I gotta think
outside the box here.
C'mon brain, think.
No, think harder!
Go up or down, your choice!
Either way, you have to
release me and run for it!
[gasps]
Wait a sec! What if
there's some way I can
sacrifice Cabbage
to save Miss Robin?
I got an idea, Cabbage!
I'm gonna beat up the hedgehog
guy to stop the explosion,
then when the poison
things shoot out,
you act as a human
shield and make sure
none of them hit Miss Robin!
[HAKUBA]
Idiot.
Did you hear me?
[HAKUBA]
Shut up, Rooster!
[BARTOLOMEO]
Cabbage got all evil again!
[BARTOLOMEO groans]
We got an emergency here
and he can't keep
his head on straight!
Miss Robin's in danger
from Bad Cabbage, too!
I need a plan right now!
[BARTOLOMEO]
That's it!
[yells]
[GLADIUS]
Decided to attack me?
[BARTOLOMEO] I can only
put up one barrier at a time,
but that's okay, that's all
I need to pull this off.
[BARTOLOMEO yells]
[BARTOLOMEO] As long as
I can save Miss Robin,
I won't think twice!
I got no regrets!
[BARTOLOMEO]
Barrier Ball!
[GLADIUS]
Huh?
You can blow up
all you like, Fatso!
Nothing's getting
past that barrier!
It's just you and me!
--[GLADIUS] You fool!
--It's time to finish you off!
[yells]
[GLADIUS groans]
Rooster, stop! What're you--
[GLADIUS] Going to sacrifice
yourself, are you? Fine, then!
[GLADIUS]
Fashion Pop!
Rooster, no!
[BARTOLOMEO] Suck on that,
you stupid hedgehog.
I shut you down and
I shut down your wall bomb.
Keep going, Miss Robin...
[panting]
[BARTOLOMEO]
I saved Miss Robin.
What more could I ever ask for?
[GLADIUS groans] Nice try,
but your aim needs work.
[GLADIUS] You missed
by just a few centimeters.
In other words, it was
my shoulder you stabbed,
not my throat.
[BARTOLOMEO]
No, I was so close!
Since he was so big and round,
I couldn't tell
what was what! Damn it!
[GLADIUS]
You're a Power Holder as well,
so you know how this works.
[BARTOLOMEO gasps]
[GLADIUS]
As long as I'm conscious...
[GLADIUS] ...the effects
of my ability persist.
[BARTOLOMEO gasps]
[GLADIUS]
Now, since you can't move,
you can sit there and
watch your friends explode!
[BARTOLOMEO]
How did I screw this up so bad?
Damn it! I'm so stupid!
[CAVENDISH] Forgive me
for that lapse just now.
This is Cavendish.
I brought Hakuba
under control again.
But I have allowed him
to borrow half of my body.
Now let go of me!
So that I can kill you!
I'll use Hakuba's
speed to help you
escape to the Sunflower Field!
Otherwise, we'll all explode
when the bomb goes off!
There's no other option left!
Please, let go!
You have to trust me!
[ROBIN]
Which one?
[CAVENDISH]
There's no time to think!
Hurry!
[GLADIUS]
It's over.
No! You bastard!
[GLADIUS]
Pop Rock...
...Super Arena!
[BARTOLOMEO]
Miss Robin!
[GLADIUS] Your barrier
was useful after all.
[crying]
[GLADIUS] Look. Both of them,
gone without a trace.
[BOTH]
Huh?
Why'd you stop me?
You're hurting your own body!
If I'm willing to
take things this far,
maybe you should listen to me.
Cien Fleurs! Spider Net, hurry!
You protected me.
Your hand stopped
Hakuba's sword.
What a complicated man.
[GLADIUS] Absurd! How could they
escape from a rupture that size?
[BARTOLOMEO] Miss Robin.
I'm so glad you're safe.
[BARTOLOMEO] But it's pathetic
that I couldn't protect you.
I had one job!
[BARTOLOMEO]
If it was him...
If it was Mister Luffy,
things woulda been different.
Now listen!
I'm the man who'll be
King of the Pirates!
[laughs]
Still alive after all!
That's nice!
[BARTOLOMEO] Monkey D. Luffy!
The Straw Hat Pirates!
His bounty went up again!
He's going places fast, man!
[panting]
[BARTOLOMEO] His Gum-Gum moves
are kinda like this, right?
[BARTOLOMEO yelling]
[BARTOLOMEO]
Mister Luffy!
Here, let me help ya!
[BARTOLOMEO] It's gotta
be him. It's Mister Luffy!
[LUFFY] Get ready for
my Gum-Gum... Thor!
[CHIN JAO]
Non-Drill Dragon!
Elephant Gun!
[CHIN JAO]
Non-Nail!
[LUFFY grunting]
Heck yeah!
[laughs]
[BARTOLOMEO] I knew it!
Mister Luffy is the real deal!
He's strong, he's cool,
and one day,
he's gonna be the King of
the Pirates, for sure!
[BARTOLOMEO grunting]
I should be ashamed of myself,
thinking that I was good enough
to stand beside his Luffy-ness.
Homage Holy Fist!
[BARTOLOMEO]
Mister Luffy.
I know I've still got
a long way to go,
but I swear, I'll get
stronger and stronger.
Barrier-Barrier...
[BARTOLOMEO]
Then, when I'm strong enough,
maybe someday, I'll be a man
who's worthy of helping you!
[BARTOLOMEO]
...Pistol!
Had to borrow a little of
your strength there,
Mister Luffy.
Thanks.
[sighs] Man, what a pain.
I'm never teaming up
with Cabbage again.
That dude's annoying as hell!
[DIAMANTE chuckles]
[DIAMANTE] Sounds like they're
having a real party down there.
Speaking of parties,
it seems like all this
rocking and rolling is too much,
even for seasoned gladiators.
Right, Rebecca?
[gasps]
Vipera Glaive!
Look out! Run, Rebecca!
You can't block that!
Swift petals to sway his blade.
Mil Fleurs now.
Butterfly Orchid!
[REBECCA gasps]
Just in time.
You saved me!
[groans] Son of a--
Robiland!
You finished your mission,
Rebecca. I'm grateful.
Now it's my turn
to lend you a hand.
Stand back. Let me
take care of him.
[NARRATOR] With their Executives
falling one after another,
the Don Quixote Family
begins to lose ground.
However, Giolla has
a secret plan
that will revive
her fallen allies.
With precious
little time to spare,
the tiny warrior Leo
leaps into action
and his courage is put to
the test one last time!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Healing Princess!
Save Mansherry!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!